Presenting the PS4: LIVE and Uncensored.
Your Steam account: Access from new computer
Your weekly Page update
iPad Air is here.
What's New on iBooks
Arcade Fire, Eminem, World War Z, and More
Meet the Bible App for Kids!
Roadtrips
SLB
Sumali ang iyong contact na si Kid George (mrkaratekid@gmail.com) sa Google+
Inside Football: Summer Training Camp Preview Issue
Exercise Tips to Ignore!
Make your first scrapbook the easy way � this week!
Reality is Broken: Why Games Make Us Better
What Comic Books Can Teach Mobile Application Designers
Zombies Must Eat: How Genre Communities Make Money
Cure for the Common Font � Secrets of selecting type
How to Personalize Without Being CreepyOld Spice Resurrected: How Aging Icon Pwned Internet
How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe
Fail big, Fail Often: How Fear Limits Creativity
IHS Webcast: Improve your Negotiating Position & Achieve Cost Savings with Supplier Cost Insight
Vimeo just got better
Special for oDeskers: Exclusive webinar now online! Plus, win an eBook.
Complimentary Graphics, Icons, Vectors and Images
Gods of Metal, New Hero Mech: Dragon Slayer!
Last chance... Your invitation from Pj Generoso is about to expire
Thank you for using Kaspersky Virus Removal Tool
Latest Job Recommendations for You.
Fresh File-Editing Options at 4shared
Watch the debates live on YouTube on Oct. 3rd, and more
Check out Rakion
[Rakion] Trick Or Treat! Check out Rakion Halloween Special Event now!!
Softnyx PH and OffGamers Promo!
[Softnyx Philippines] Distributors EVNET!
Softnyx Free Cash!
Your weekly dose of fun things!
iPhone 4 in white is here.
Your Gmail address has been created
OS X Lion. MacBook Air. Mac mini. All new.
Ubuntu Single Sign On: Finish your registration
"WATCH: Karylle, Jugs, Teddy in mind-boggling number" from TheABSCBNNews
Discover more on Twitter!
Important Password Reset Information
Tweets from FarEasternUniversity, Cleve Arguelles, and 6 others
Roma Carmela Rojas mentioned you on Facebook
Join me in FarmVille 2
LinkedIn Network Updates, 5/07/2013
Your favorite Pair Deal goes Thin 'N Crispy!
Charmaine Galano mentioned you on Facebook
Change.org Natural Instincts
Accenture Job Vacancy
Here's Your Final Grades!
Reminder: Add your account recovery option
Siena Maranan's invitation is waiting for you
Herlinson and Tina's Wedding: Please RSVP to confirm your attendance
Thank you for your feedback
Announcing Dropbox Links - The best way to share your stuff, ever.
Start using Dropbox!
Bonus Space Received!
Herlinson and Tina's Wedding: Bridesmaids, call time is at 9 am at the Ville Sommet
Maila, open this email for 12 people you should meet :)
Welcome to Eventbrite Maila Angelica!
Rappler, UP System, and 6 others have Tweets for you
Request to join math28uv approved
Updates in Your Groups, November 21, 2013
Meal Now Pay Later, YWCA National Youth Conference, Symposium and Agritech Showcase, OSA Registration Assistance
Please Verify Your Oracle Account
Welcome to the new Gmail inbox
LinkedIn Network Updates, 10/15/2013
SoundCloud News: Hear what's happening with Instagram, Levi's and more
In order to help maintain the security of your Steam account, please verify your email address by clicking the following link: http://steamcommunity.com/actions/validateemail?stoken=146581464_29092863_-665627420.
Your email address will be used to assist you in changing your Steam account credentials or regaining access to your Steam account, should you ever need help with those things.
Thanks for helping us maintain the security of your account.
The Steam Support Team
http://www.steampowered.com 
I received your email. Thank you.
You have registered an account at GNOME Shell Extensions. Please activate
your account by using the link below:
https://extensions.gnome.org/accounts/activate/1c942da61500a4a97e4f3ef80a8037d2988f938d/
You have 5 days remaining to register your account.
Thanks!
the GNOME Shell Extensions team
Creation of UPLB Account
Yahoo! Groups: Welcome to m26s1112. Visit today!
Activate your Email Subscription to: Watch Pinoy Tv
Welcome to Smilebox
courses.uplb.edu.ph: Change password confirmation
Password change
Welcome to Ubuntu Forums!
Welcome to the new Gmail inbox
Important information from Ubuntuforums.org
Please Confirm Your iWantv Registration
Please Verify Your Oracle Account
CMSC 100 Final Grades
[Bitbucket] You have been given write access to mightybulacs/systemone
Please confirm your email address
D-4L Turing Machine
I received your email. Thank you!
Programmers (PHP 20000-35000) + 48 new Jobs - Job Alert from jobstreet.com
CMSC100-UV2L-2011-54908-EXER04
Jekri Preclaro Orlina G-4L
Musicians Open Up About Racial Profilling
Your Kaspersky Anit-Virus Trial expires today
Plans for our summer flights
Your Itenerary flight receipt
UPLB Campus Survey 
Claim your Midterms tomorrow
Final exam results are out
Submit your forms ASAP
Meeting next week
Free tickets on me
New dinner menu every Friday
Fresh laundry at the lobby
Jollibee Online Delivery: New Order # 100694773 - fgdeliva@gmail.com - Gmail
Account Info Change
CMSC 199 Seminar Topic Approval
CMSC 127 Lab Exam
Your Apple ID was used to sign in to iMessage on an iPhone 5
Quirks Exclusively Available Online!
Ms. De Robles sent a Note to CMCS 142 Section C
Welcome! You linked a computer to Dropbox -- next get some free space
SOAD-OSA Mailing List
Flor F. sent a Note to CMCS 142 Section C
Now You CAN Start and Run a Profitable Web Design / Marketing Business -- guaranteed!
Your Chance to Win ALL my stuff for a YEAR - worth $2000 - ends Sunday!
Latest on Web Design From Scratch
www.MaraPets.com - HALLOWEEN EVENTS - Free Prize Code Inside!
20 Best jQuery Plugins for Better HTML forms
James Bond Evolution Infographic
20 Really Helpful Responsive Web Design Tutorials
Today's PWDA Hangout: Conversion Optimisation insights
"We Are The World for Philippines [TYPHOON HAIYAN]" from Kevin Ayson
New Engineering and CAD Features
Event Brite: Firefox OS Porting Sessions - Mozilla Philippines Community
Yahoo! Groups: Updates in Your Groups, October 26, 2013
avast!: avast! Account - registration confirmation request
Apple: How to reset your Apple ID password.
Microsoft: Microsoft account
   Verify your email address
   To finish setting up this Microsoft account, we just need to make sure this email address is yours
Yahoo!: You've successfully connected your google account to Yahoo!
Google: Welcome to the new Gmail inbox
NIN: New single. New album. New tour.
Schoology: A course update has been posted for Object Oriented Programming: Y-1L
Google: Changes to Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service
Your Yahoo! password was changed
gwyncontreras + GitHub = <3
Top posts this week on Google+
WATCH: Storm surge hits Tacloban City" from TheABSCBNNews
CMSC124B-2L VisualC#Calculator
Yash Villanueva has added you on SkillPages 
Please verify your email address
Getting started on Google+
A course update has been posted for Object Oriented Programming: X-1L 
Top 3 posts for you on Google+ this week
Facilitators (jachermocilla@gmail.com)
SA (eimalido@gmail.com)
Request to share MyPersonalPhone.java (mightybulacs@gmail.com)
Romeo-Juliet text (shaimaevi@gmail.com)
ECHAVE CMSC131 (mmailer-daemon@googlemail.com)
PHP (janclaude.quevedo@gmail.com)
124 (eimalido@gmail.com)
Bie eto na pics..muah!:* (mjfaustino17@gmail.com)
Right now on Tumblr (no-reply@tumblr.com)
CMSC 123 H-3L Class Cards (kepbautista@gmail.com)
Ysa Angeles commented on your status.
Sumagot si Ysa Angeles
Yahoo Groups: Welcome to recit_g4r_dizon. Visit today!
Happy Halloween!
CodeChef : The Proceedings of November Challenge 2013
What will you build next?
Notice on UP Trademarks, Volunteerism Symposium [required]
Welcome to bitbucket
Blackout RO Account Recovery
Ysa Angeles replied to a Note
"WATCH: Karylle, Jugs, Teddy in mind-boggling number" from TheABSCBNNews
5 Typography Tips for Every Presenter | SlideShare Newsletter
Happy Birthday from DaniWeb!
[FINAL NOTICE] IMMEDIATE ACTION REQUIRED
An update was made to your Mail account
New job: 'Math Tutors'
Zarah Kaye tagged you in a post on Facebook
Shiela Kathleen Borja is following you on SoundCloud
Marc Kristian L. sent a Note to CWTSAS3
Top posts this week on Google+
Oculus at E3 2013
A new episode of Chibi Reiko is now available on Tapastic.
See new jobs at companies where your friends work
Let's Get Naughty: FHM Ladies' Confessions Celebrity Diaries Vol. 7 Out Now!
WebGeek Conference 2013 - Deadline! Don’t let it fly! Join us!
Shakey's Pizza Order - Anthony Allan Conda, 13324171446
Mr. Obrero sent a Note to CMSC 127 - RJGObrero
Your Steam account: Access from new computer
A course update has been posted for Data Structures: CD-5L
Your new Google Account Activity Report is now available
The Goblet of Fire has come to Pottermore.com
Welcome to the new Gmail inbox
CodeChef: Invitation to The September Long Challenge 2013
Wong Fu Productions: "Crush the Skull 2" and more videos
Escape to wine country!
Philippines typhoon: reach loved ones, friends and colleagues
EF3L_ExamBuilder
Chelsea Talay tagged you in a post on Facebook
KD Marayag (@kathriceDUHHL) mentioned you on Twitter!
ilib account
Your Steam Account: Access from new computer
Google Account password changed
You linked your first computer to Dropbox -- now get some free space!
You have extra copies of Dota 2 to give away!
The Elder Scrolls Online Beta - Welcome.
10730067121019 - Your DFA Passport Appointment
Potato, you have a new follower on Twitter
IceFrog has sent you a message on PlayDota.com
Avatar Star: You have been selected to participate in the Beta!
Congratulations! You've been selected to play Dota 2
Your Tickets for Firefox OS Challenge for Students
Reminder for Firefox OS Challenge for Students
Google Account recovery phone number changed
E-mail Confirmation
Important Password Reset Information
Your Yahoo! account information has changed
Congrats on completing Try jQuery
Getting started on Google+
Accenture Job Vacancy
Garena Email Verification
Your Tickets for Global Fusion Cloud and Pixels for the Next Decade
ticket for december
Fall SoundCloud Creator News
Microsoft account security code
[spcm1dhumcas] Change of Grades U2-1R and U2-2R
Evernote 5 for Windows is Here
Fwd: Re: Sponsors
[Kakao] Verification code for e-mail address verification
MBPL Logo
Cherish de Guzman added you on Google+
SOAD-OSA <orgs@soadosa.org>
SOAD-OSA Mailing List
O&B Recruitment <recruitment@orangeandbronze.com>
Great Employment/Internship Opportunity at O&B
LIVESTOCK ORDER CONFIRMATION
Close Up Summer Solstice Bronze Ticket
courses.uplb.edu.ph: account confirmation
cmsc11summeray20102011 (charmsej@gmail.com)
Your Gmail address, cgsejalbo@gmail.com, has been created
CMSC128 - Group1 - AB2L (charmsej@gmail.com)
COSS Orientation AVP
avast! Account - registration confirmation request
karen hazel Watch Lee Min Ho fall in love in Heirs!
Dengeki Daisy 60 has been released on Mangareader.net
IRRI email subscriptions: Subscription Confirmed
IRRI email subscriptions: Please Confirm Subscription
Invitation to get IRRI News

	As a valued partner of the International Rice Research Institute (IRRI), we would like to invite you to subscribe to Rice Today - a quarterly magazine on global rice science for development - and/or our media releases to keep up to date with our activities.

	Rice Today is distributed quarterly via email to our subscribers and includes news and features from IRRI and our partners in the Global Rice Science Partnership from all over the world.

	Our media releases ensure you get the latest breaking news from IRRI as it happens. We distribute between 1 and 3 a month via email. 

	Subscribe now!

Target: PDAF

	Dear Karen,

	Filipinos are outraged at the magnitude of the corruption represented by years of diversion of the Priority Development Assistance Fund (PDAF). Since news of the pork barrel scandal broke out, citizens launched at least one PDAF-related petition daily on Change.org. More than 20,000 people have signed these petitions. 

	Change.org recognizes the diversity of opinions, reflecting different calls, in the country. So we're giving you an array of options to choose from. Here are four of the petitions related to the issue of PDAF corruption. Do browse and sign any petition that moves you. You can also visit this page, where we'll also host other related petitions. And remember, the best way to propel your favorite petition to victory is to share with as many friends as you can.	

	You can read and sign other petitions started in response to the PDAF scam by clicking here. 

	Thanks, 
	Inday and the Change.org team

Our User Community is Live!	
	
	We're always excited to see Connectify users from around the world, helping each other get the most out of our easy-to-use networking apps, and we want to foster even more of this user-to-user interaction. That's why we're excited to announce the launch of our awesome, new Connectify Community at community.connectify.me.

	The Connectify Community is a place where you can collaborate with other users on answers, solutions, and ideas about Connectify products and services - and interact directly with the Connectify Team. Ask a question, and we'll point you at discussions between community members who may have already come up with solutions to your particular issue. The Connectify Community is also a place for our users across the globe to interact directly with our moderators from the Connectify Team.

	To get started, visit: community.connectify.me

	Alex & the Connectify Team	

Invitation to become a RareJob Tutor

	Dear hazel.cm2@gmail.com, 

	As you were referred by Desiree Nillos Fanunal, we are eagerly inviting you to become a part-time English tutor at RareJob!

	RareJob is an online English school offering English training to Japanese students and part-time jobs to Filipinos through home-based online tutorials using Skype. Part-time tutoring in RareJob is convenient and flexible since you can teach from your own home and freely adjust your teaching hours to fit your schedule.

	To apply, simply click the link below and provide the necessary information:

	https://www.rarejob.com.ph/professional/invitation.php?id=aaGXnpY=&email=m8bnxtWaztKrdpukkqCjYcWozg==

	A short phone interview and online training through Skype will follow.

	For real-time applicant support, add the account name "rarejob.application.team" in Skype. 
	The Application Team will do their best to answer your application-related queries from 1:00pm to 10:00pm during weekdays. You can also e-mail us at application@rarejob.com.

	Thank you for your time! We hope you consider tutoring for RareJob. 

	Sincerely,
	RareJob Philippines, Inc.

eng10_a5r_final_recit is now available in Google 

Globe Subscription Agreement

	Dear mr ondoy,

	Thank you for choosing Globe Telecom, Inc./Innove Communications, Inc. as your telecommunication provider. The attached file is a copy of your Subscription Agreement with Globe Telecom, Inc./Innove Communications, Inc. You will need an Acrobat Reader to view your Subscription Agreement. To download, click here: http://get.adobe.com/reader/.

	Should you have questions about your subscription, please feel free to send us an e-mail at custhelp@globetel.com.ph or give us a call at 211, toll-free from your Globe mobile or (02) 730-1000, toll-free from any Globe Landline.


	Sincerely,

	Globe Telecom, Inc.
	Innove Communications, Inc.
Crunchyroll Manga Favorites ★ Toriko Joins the Lineup ☆ Watch Crunchyroll on PS4 ★ Swo
Your weekly Page update
New Releases for November 19
Testing Instructions - QA Scenario Generator
Your Daily Yahoo stories for Sunday
BusinessCoach Seminar Schedule
Updates in Your Groups, November 22, 2013
Challenge Problems 3
Materials for Week 4
Creative, Serious and Playful Science of Android Apps Launches December 2!
Parolan 2013, Nowcasting Competition, PSRC Conference in Malaysia, Singapore Scholarship
Meal Now Pay Later, YWCA National Youth Conference, Symposium and Agritech Showcase, OSA Registration Assistance
Philippines typhoon: reach loved ones, friends and colleagues
Youth Entrepreneurship Summit, Unilab Ideas Positive, Phi Kappa Phi Awards, Student Exchange Programs
Miquido.com Applicants
Sync your saved passwords on your Windows PCs
Important information from Ubuntuforums.org
Mr. Obrero sent a Note to ST-4L
Mr. Obrero sent an Alert to CMSC 127 - RJGObrero
Yahoo! Sign-in Alert
Verify your email address
Welcome to CloudOn
Congrats on completing Try jQuery
Welcome to Code School!
Code School September Newsletter
Happy Birthday from Tapjoy!
"We Are The World for Philippines [TYPHOON HAIYAN]" from Kevin Ayson
Tune in for the first ever YouTube Music Awards!
Top posts this week on Google+
Join Us at The Ultimate Developer Event
Celebrate Thanksgiving at SM Cinema
Please verify your email address
Account Notification - A security question has been created
StreetSmart November 2013 - Job Growth Is Better This Year Than Last
Philippines typhoon: reach loved ones, friends and colleagues
[Square Enix Account] Account Registration
Congratulations! You now have access to Dota 2
[math181_imsp] New file uploaded to math181_imsp
Aura Kingdom's Founder's Beta is coming soon!
Twitch This Weekend: Red Bull Battlegrounds, Magic: The Gathering
Welcome! You linked a computer to Dropbox -- next get some free space
Globe Bill for the Month of November for Account no. 916597320
SMAC ALERT! Your SM Advantage Membership as of Nov 13, 2013
Confirm your Twitter account
Updates in Your Groups, October 16, 2013
Manga Traders Registration Verification
Welcome to TweetDeck!
Verify your new bitly account
[WordPress.com] Password Reset
Please verify your email address.
Topics Aldave U2-6R
cmsc22 proj
127!!!
L systems
sprites
finals
CMSC 100
EF-4L bootstrap
css
chat
Slides
Summer vacation
Verify your account
Welcome!
Notice of Cash Dividend - MWC 
Welcome to the club!
COL Trading Confirmation 09/18/2013
Christmas celebration
Resume
Please see the attached artwork from one of your readers
Welcome to coursera.
Please verify your oracle account
SOAD-OSA MAILING LIST
Welcome to the new email inbox
New problems and how to think about mass like a theorist.
Happy birthday Harland!
You have recieved coins from game of nerds.
Welcome to CMSC 57 (Lect V) Discrete Mathematical Structures In Computer Science II.
Systemone V2 Schedule update
Oratorical piece
request to join matu28uv approved
Rey Yude Benedicto, support relief efforts for typhoon haiyan
You have 1 google docs message
Thomas leong is still waiting for you to join twitter
Our new site creator is here
failure notice
thanks for signup
greetings from eventbrite
free hosting in philippines
an update was made to your mail account
Facilitators
Kim Samaniego changed the privacy of the group CMSC 128 AB-2356L from Open to Closed.
RE; andrea mercado
Your Daily Yahoo stories for Friday
Latest projects and contests matching your skills
Today, Paulo, God wants you to know ...
Enjoy the view across devices with Yahoo Mail
Matthew Benedict T. Calibo tagged you in a photo on Facebook
Club Cubits 250 launch special
[thecpstriangle] Yayel Padua's Birthday, 8/24/2013, 12:00 am
Google Groups: You've been added to CMSC 137 CD 2nd Sem SY13-14
The Goblet of Fire has come to Pottermore.com
Magtanong SMS, Submission of Activity Reports, Loyalty Day, CA-CSC Seminars - SOAD-OSA
Come back and start earning today! - freelancer.com
Welcome to CMSC 141 (1st: 2013-14)
Sabongking Registration Confirmation
Your free IQ score
Hey JFFC Participant! Important announcements and reminders from the JFFC team!
JFFC Registration Confirmation
[realmichrane] Please moderate: "Elbi pictures"
oDesk Notification <donotreply@odesk.com>
oDesk	
Hi Bambi Erika,
Thanks for creating an account with oDesk. Click below to confirm your email address:
https://www.odesk.com/w/verify_email.php?token=~~4a98e5988a04e763
If you have problems, please paste the above URL into your web browser. 
Thanks,
oDesk Support 
Dropbox <no-reply@dropbox.com>
Hi Bambi Erika,
We just need to verify your email address before you can share folders.
Verify your email
Thanks!
- The Dropbox Team
bini_reg@yahoo.com
The final grades of B2R had just been uploaded.  You have until 8 AM of Friday, October 25 to send feedback.  If there is no query or whatever, we are submitting the grades at 9 AM Friday, Oct 25.
bini_reg@yahoo.com
I have been trying to upload your final grades for the last 30 minutes but it won't upload. Dunno why.
I will try again one last time, then, if it fails, am going home to do the upload there.
bini_reg@yahoo.com
I have just uploaded the combined scores with equivalent final grades of sections B3R, B4R, and  B5R.
Send feedback ASAP.  You have until Thursday, 8 AM to send your feedback.
The data with Ms. Torres is a revised version.
The final grades of B6R had long been uploaded in the recit groupsite.
Section B2R - Prof. Grande is set to integrate scores with me at 10 AM tomorrow.  Just wait. It will come.
Prezi <email@mail1.prezi.com>
Erika, confirm your email address to activate your Prezi account.
Click the button below to finish your registration and activate your account. You will be taken into Prezi.
Happy zooming!
Prezi Team
bini_reg <bini_reg@yahoo.com>
Chancy Cruz has announced that classes are suspended until Friday.
In view of such move, pls find below the revised topical assign:
August 30 - Topics for Quiz are the following: Objectives, Methods, and Data Analysis and Intepretation; discussion will just be highlights, thus, IT IS VERY IMPORTANT THAT YOU READ THE HANDOUTS AND STUDY IN ADVANCE. Do not depend solely on the discussions in the lecture because we actually do not have much time.
Samples for Data Analysis and Interpretation can be had in your respective reading rooms, aside from the ones uploaded.
The rest of the sched remains.
The source of the questions in the quiz will be limited to the uploaded handout, though.
For your guidance.
MDGD
Schoology <no-reply@schoology.com>
Hi Bambi Erika,
Please verify your email address in order to receive email notifications from Schoology. To verify, visit this link: http://www.schoology.com/activate_email/6275027/55f29bef605253866d45673d8f40bd4c
Thanks,
Schoology
Jaime Samaniego <jmsamaniego@uplb.edu.ph>
Welcome to CMSC 141 (1st: 2013-14)!
If you have not done so already, you should edit your profile page so that we
can learn more about you:
  http://courses.uplb.edu.ph/user/view.php?id=7175&course=212
Reginald Neil Recario <rncrecario@gmail.com>
Hi guys,
First and foremost, I hope that you are all enjoying and learning many things at the same time. Summer classes here in Elbi is over (about a week ago) but it's far from over for you guys. 
As of the moment, only one student's company supervisor have sent me his/her (para discreet) evaluation form but then again, I'm not satisfied with the report. So since you have plenty of time (because you dont have all the requirements yet, thus an INCOMPLETE grade), please make your report good. I'm not asking for a report peppered with highfaluting English and 100% grammatically correct sentences. What I am asking is a detailed report explaining/telling your experiences (subjective) and what you have learned from the practicum (objective). Of course, the subjective part is easy to write but you have to include your objective part also. This is a reason why I asked for a daily activity for the weekly report so that you can easily create a final report (and I hope you will not just "copy and paste". Guys, I'm reading your reports!).
The good news is that majority of the companies we have visited so far have good impressions of you guys (in general, as a practicum batch). Some minor comments in general that I think you deserve to hear:
Some supervisor complain that while everyone is polite, students tend to forget to inform them (the supervisors) that you guys (your batch and not specifically you guys under my supervision) are leaving or went outside to buy/do something. Remember that the company has legal obligations to you so they have the right to know where you are going especially during office hours.
Some are not taking initiative.
Some are shy. (I don't see this as a negative though although this may hurt your grade. Yes, there is a component in your grade relating to how well you express yourself)
Please finish your report and requirements by first sem of 2013-2014. DO NOT forget the signature(s) of your company supervisor and your signature in your report. And yes! I will really demand that because half of your grade will come from me.
Also DO NOT forget you company supervisor evaluation either by email sent to me directly or snail mail or mail brought by you to me (the mail must be sealed in an envelop). In any cases, signature of your company supervisor must be present.
In case you have deleted my first email, I am reproducing it here for your reference:
Hello students,
Since some of you have already been asking and "making kulit" (conio lang) of my requirements (NOTE: different requirements for different faculty supervisors), probably because you have already started, I listed here the two things that I will be expecting from you:
1) Weekly Report
Your weekly report must be submitted on the weekend (Saturday or Sunday) following the weekday you have reported for work/internship. The weekly report will consist of the following:
         Cover Page - Contains your full name, student number, company name, and the number of cumulative hours you have for the OJT/Practicum (Example: Suppose that for the first week, you have 40 hours and for the second week, you have 48 hours, then you cumulative hours for the second week paper is 84 hours. Gets?).
          Activity List - This will highlight the major activities you have during the week. The list has the following: 
          Daily activity / problems encountered list
          Status (pending, on-going, finished, abandoned => values on a daily basis)
          Solution (if it's a problem) /Output
   An example of what I am expecting would look like the one shown below:
          Day 1: April 11, 2013 (Thursday)
Activity/Problems Encountered
Status
Solution
Brainstormed a detailed design for a system
Finished
Produced an ERD and Use case, see Appendix A
Started coding a module add customer in C#
On-going
Not applicable
         Day 2: April 12, 2013 (Friday)
     Narrative Summary - After listing your daily activity/ies, create a narrative describing the whole week. This part maybe objective and subjective. It means that you are allowed to explain the activities you have done during the week as a summary (because I understand that listing activities is not sufficient for me to visualize your work) and add the details you have not described in the activity list and make some personal reflections about your work/activity and the environment. About the length of this part, I will not put a minimum nor a maximum length. However, do not be lazy in doing this part. Remember, it is important for you guys to make me understand your situation. (Note: You are allowed to be informal here but do not use curse words when things go wrong! Pwede bang mag-Filipino? Pwede, basta 'wag Jologs! :D )
         Appendix - This will depend on the week and the activity. You can have as many appendices as you want. It is also up to you how to sort or order your appendix BUT take note that each appendix should highlight a group of data/ideas you are working on.
An example is shown below:
         Appendix A: ERD of the System 
                  <show an ERD>
         Appendix B: Test Data for System Alpha
                  <Show tables and data tests>
       Digital Signature Certification - Certify that what you have stated are all true and correct. A sample statement would be:
            "I certify, to my knowledge, that all the activities and data mentioned in this document are true and correct and that they are stated here only for the purpose of the evaluation of my faculty supervisor."
         Follow the above statement by your (digital) signature and the (digital) signature of your company supervisor. 
It is imperative for you need to let them read, at the very least the activity list (your narrative summary is optional) so that they can evaluate if what you have listed are sensitive data that should not be divulged to other people (e.g., top secret project). If there are sensitive data that must be removed, remove then and you can just describe them vaguely and state that the data was not provided because it is sensitive or for company-use only. 
DO NOT forget to include the (digital) signature of your company supervisor. 
If a soft-version/e-copy of your paper is not yet available, you may start out with a printed copy first, let them sign, and then scan it to produce a PDF of your report.
Again, your report MUST be in PDF.
Naming convention for pdf is: CMSC198_<Lastname>_Week<week number>
   Example: CMSC198_Recario_Week2
And send it to rncrecario@gmail.com with the following Subject: CMSC198_<Lastname>_Week<week number>
    Example: CMSC198_Recario_Week2
I understand that you might be busy within the week or during the weekend so you have at most Monday of the following week to send your paper/report. Early submission is a factor to me for giving a higher grade (Note: Half of your grade comes from the company supervisor, half comes from me).
2) Final Report
The final report will just summarize all the major activities you have done during the entire OJT/Practicum and must be submitted ASAP before your Practicum ends or the end of classes, which ever ends later. This means that for your last week, you have to submit two papers (weekly report + final report). 
Format: Narrative style (but you are allowed to use other form especially if there are data to be presented). 
There is no need to have your company supervisor to sign it HOWEVER, do not put anything that you think are sensitive data for the company.
For both papers, no formatting condition is expected. So you can freely use any font style, font size and margin you want just as long as your paper is decent and readable. No minimum/maximum pages are also expected.
 Just beware that I will be reading your papers/reports okay? :D
One important note: it is natural/common for students to get a grade of INC (incomplete) for CMSC 198 because companies usually extend the number of hours which coincides to the end of classes. Do not worry if you have a grade of INC. All you have to do is submit the (remaining) requirements and complete the subject.
Another note: towards the end of classes, your company supervisor will be asked to answer an evaluation form for you. The evaluation form will contain your grade coming for the company supervisor and their comments about your performance. It is up to them whether they will give you immediately a grade or not (This is one of the reasons why there are INC cases).
If you have immediate concerns that have not been discussed in this email, do not hesitate to contact me. If the question applies to everyone, you may ask it at edmodo. 
Thanks and enjoy your practicum! Make the most out of it. :-)
Prof. Reginald Neil C. Recario
Faculty Supervisor, CMSC 198 Ar-14
Institute of Computer Science
PS: DO NOT forget to be courteous and professional... all the time. Make friends and leave a good lasting impression!  :-) 
PS: If you are not under my section but you have received this email, delete this and ignore.
Parolan 2013, Nowcasting Competition, PSRC Conference in Malysia, Singapore Scholarship
SOAD-OSA Mailing List
Requested Password Reset for your Oracle Account
Ms. Galbo sent a Note to NSTP1 AS4 2013
Miquido.com Applicants
Welcome to Norton Secure Login - Confirm Email Address
Notice on UP Trademarks, Volunteerism Symposium [required]
Mr. Recario sent a Note to NSTP1 AS4 2013
Electronic Signature
Tumler + Bagtag + Lanyards
Welcome to Gmail
Get Gmail for your mobile device
Tips for using Gmail
CodeChef : The Proceedings of November Challenge 2013
Verify your email address with DramaFever!
ICPC Kanpur Site Last Date of Registration Extended
Mr. Obrero sent a Note to CMSC 127 - RJGObrero
Verify your email address
Welcome to the new Gmail inbox
Mr. Obrero sent a Note to ST-1L
PayPal Notice of Updates to Legal Agreements
Snap to Skype and share a moment from anywhere!
Aimsun Newsletter, November 2013: special birthday edition!
Popular on Prezi.com right now: SXSW Eco, Berkeley Survival Guide, Harry Potter
Freelancer Limited (FLN) lists on ASX
Philippines typhoon: reach loved ones, friends and colleagues
CodeProject | Daily News - Windows 8.1 review: New version, same mess
Question the Gods of Asgard through the power of Skype
Dive into this week's most popular prezis!
This week, it's stealth versus strength!
Updated Sun Moon Beach flyer (left-most)
Mr. Tirazona sent a Note to CMSC 125 2nd Sem 2013-14
CMSC 124 Exer9 Specs
UPLB COSS Proposal A.Y. 2013-2014
Fwd: Safeway Manila Auto Response
Password Changed
Parolan 2013, Nowcasting Competition, PSRC Conference in Malaysia, Singapore Scholarship
Bank Details
Position Paper
Globe Bill for the Month of November for Account no. 851124072
avast! Account - registration confirmation request
Upcoming events we found just for you
Get Gmail on your mobile phone
An update was made to your Mail account
A course update has been posted for Object Oriented Programming: X-3L
Terms of Service Updates for Edmodo
Announcing Python at Codecademy
You have received a new question on Ask.fm
Here are some great stories you'll enjoy!
CodeProject | The Daily Build - 7 Oct 2013
Eventbrite, Your Tickets for DevCon Summit 2013
Carlos Aguilar, WealthStrategies: My Goal is to make you a multimillionaire
Tokyo Otaku Mode News, your weekly otaku news update from TOkyo Otaku Mode
Zhid Christian Sale, Revised Croma Code
ColFinancial Helpdesk, Notice of Cash Dividend
CodeProject, The Daily Build
Schoology, Donna Bonoan-Dimaano posted a course update
GreattoysOnline.com, Orders received
risci_batchwalo@yahoogroups.com, [risci_batchwalo] Digest Number 98
Academia.edu, Welcome to Academia.edu
Jorell Jan Quiben, Invitation to connect on LinkedIn
Skype, Your Friend Darwin James Abellardo wants to join them in Skype
Prezi, Turn up the volume: Add Music & Voice Overs to your Prezis
Mobage, Welcome to Mobage!
Sulit.com.ph, Nendoroid Hi! Good morning, I saw your ad at sulit.com.ph...
Verify your/this email address
Thank you for registration!
Interesting pages on Facebook
Welcome to <Insert Website>!
Your Members Access is Ready
Weekly Newsletter from Twitter
Updates in your group
SystemOne V2 Schedule Update
Challenge Problems3
This Week's Top Stories
Please verify email
Suspicious sign in prevented
essay1
Your Schoology Password Has Been Changed
EF1L Exer1
LIV Certificate
picture
Report ppt
Letter draft
Groupmates Info 
Welcome to CMSC 123 - Data Structures (Lect CD)
MYX Philippines: Verification Needed
cmsc130secondsem1213 (eizelgrace@gmail.com)
Fwd: HUME 10 ACTIVITY PLAN
[humanities2_1sem_10_11] RE: W2 W4 X2-1 B2 B4 B6 GRADES
Special delivery from your Tumblr Dashboard
Updates from Jemisa
Landspeeder Go-Kart, Fight Club Soap, 5 Ways to Ruin Mold Making
Please Verify Your Oracle Account
Yahoo! Groups: Welcome to sosc4_2012-13_raboncocan. Visit today!
SUBJECT: Battle Report
Mr. Tirazona sent a Note to CMSC 125 2nd Sem 2013-14
Google Account password changed
Verify this email address
Welcome to the new Gmail inbox
Account details for taylomibao at CodeChef
Notice on UP Trademarks, Volunteerism Symposium [required]
SOAD-OSA Mailing List
People you may know on Google+
Cameron Mitchell: "RVRB - Lost in the Wild (Live)"
Manila Ocean Park's Holiday Promo
15% off Nitro Pro: So-long summer, hello PDF
Hotel H2O Aqua Feast Get-Away Package
Nitro’s Summer Sale–Save 30% today!
Celebrate PDF's 20th Birthday Today!
Forward Solutions - Application Result
Edmodo in Your Pocket
Blogger Dynamic Views: 7 new ways for readers to experience your blog
Redeem your two week Nitro Pro 9 trial now!
Access JobStreet.com, FB and your email for Php 20!
SOAD-OSA Mailing List
Mr. Rivera sent an Assignment to CMSC22-2-1213-X5L
ASUS Member Register Success
Fwd: MATH 26
PAHIMAKAS PI10
Parolan 2013, Nowcasting Competition, PSRC Conference in Malaysia, Singapore Scholarship
[WordPress.com] Account recovery phone number changed.
Happy Birthday from Christian Forums
Controlling Handout and case material
You've linked a new computer to Dropbox!
Winter
remove and delete on an array...
CAPI: global keyboard handler and double buffering
//WL2K This is a test message via Winlink
NTSD CO1; pse HXC this email
CodeChef: The Proceedings of November Challenge 2013
SOAD-OSA Mailing List
Time to dive in to ACM ICPC odyssey
Mr. Obrero sent a Note to S-2L
Invitation to ScrumDo team
Buffer has been hacked - here is what's going on
10 Engagement Tips to Gobble Over Thanksgiving
DO NOT Commit These Instagram Atrocities
Not Cool, Guys
Your April Website Stats
Got an App for That?
How to Make a Perfect Salad 
Great New Tool for Social Innovators
Exercise 1 CSS193
You just unlocked a badge!
Your Yahoo! account information has changed
Fwd: Rongcales_Ruel CMSC 165 V-3L Exer5
CMSC 170 U-3L Exer1 Rongcales
Invitation To CodeChef November Lunchtime 2013
Mary, you have notifications pending
Thank you for registering your copy of Microsoft® Visual C#® 2010 Express.
Google Account password changed
Welcome to the Oracle C-Central Community
Mr. Tirazona sent a Note to CMSC 125 2nd Sem 2013-14
Re: NSTP1 recent files
Free Hosting in Philippines
Account Confirmation
Complete your 4shared registration
FitDay.com - What You've Been Missing
[New Free Feature] - Zyro Website Builder!
Suspicious sign in prevented
Travel Reservation October 24 for MR EVAN NORMAN TOLORIO
Welcome to the new Gmail inbox
Notice on UP Trademarks, Volunteerism Symposium [required]
1 Easy Exercise for Clean Hammer-Ons & Pull-Offs [new video!]
[Blend Swap] Your new account was activated
Please verify your account
Expires TONIGHT (Sunday)
Notice of Official Closing
CMSC127
Thanks for your registration on eBooks Central
Your Tickets for Global Fusion Cloud and Pixels for the Next Decade
Mr. Tirazona sent a Note to CMSC 125 2nd Sem 2013-14
[Codejam] User Activated
Your Instagram password has been changed
Verify your email address for MediaFire
Google Account password changed
kzmusicmajick.wordpress.com is yours! Start customizing it now.
Password Recovery
Get 3 Months Free at Code School
Password has been changed
Your Yahoo Login Verification Code
Kutless Tickets
Feeding Tarp
Welcome to Smule
Fwd: Readmission
Your Jamba Juice Picture
8th year tarp (revised)
Shakey's pizza order
Camiguin pictures
ICPC Kanpur Site Last Date of Registration Extended
Lavi Hawkes is doing one of your Bucketlist items
November Newsletter: Freelancer Floats on the Australian Securities Exchange!
Invitation To CodeChef November Lunchtime 2013
Visual Studio 2013 and Cloud OS Launch Event
Limited offer! eimalido, get rocking in a high quality retail Freelancer.com baseball cap!
Download Anything You Want From Video Blocks
Java EE 7 Certification Job Task Analysis Survey – Responses Needed
What is it like to be in a class taught by Donald Knuth? - Quora
Invitation to Manila Dev Challenge
You Steam account: Access from new computer
Para sa nasalanta
Smosh: "LONGEST STARING CONTEST EVER"
Get the free Windows 8.1 update
Welcome to Grooveshark
UncommonGoods: "As You Wish"
Eater Boston: "Where to Drink Beer Right Now"
BuzzFeed: "Not Cool, Guys"
Buffer: "Buffer has been hacked - here is what's going on"
The loss of our visionary leader, Rebecca Tarbotton
Confirming your phone number on Facebook
CMSC 132 T-1L PalICSihan Bonus
Next up: Basic Windows moves
Welcome to My Digital Life Forums!
Congratulations! You now have access to Dota 2	
Welcome Gift from Acer
EMAIL VERIFICATION
TipidPC Account Activation Email
Confirm your email address on Edmodo
"We Are The World for Philippines [TYPHOON HAIYAN]" from Kevin Ayson
Network Labs Seminar
CMSC 22 WX-1L Bilad Exer1
Completed Project
Personal Secret
Facebook Confirmation
Update on the Computer
Seminar Topics
RE: Jeopardy
Quiz Contest
Essay on Laziness
3 Ways to Combat Presentation Anxiety
Username followed you on SlideShare
November Young Adult Newsletter
Philippine typhoon: reach loved ones, friends, and colleagues
Welcome to CMSC 141 (1st: 2013-14)
You are now friends with Firstname Lastname
A dark truth about diet soda - from a study out of the University of California San Diego
Dear myusername: some facts on fighting cognitive decline
Firstname Lastname shared a link on your Wall.
A Picture Is Worth A Thousand Words
Suspicious sign in prevented
(no subject)
People you may know on Google+
Mr. Obrero sent a Quiz to CMSC 127 - RJGObrero
CMSC 124 T-1L Exercise 8 Cos
Confirm your email address on Edmodo
CodeProject | Daily News - Visual Studio 2013 Launch: Announcing Visual Studio Online
Your Free Trial Offer is about to Expire
Sharing Made Easy
127 Project
Christmas Bazaar - November 12-16, 2013
Updates in Your Groups
Youth Entrepreneurship Summit
Updates in Your Groups
Welcome to the math27a2r group at Yahoo! Groups.
Global Youth Leaders Travel and Learning Camp 2013
On Monday, 11 March, 2013 10:38 AM, Edward Magsino wrote:
Thank you for your interest in applying with Orange and Bronze Software Labs. Inc.
Welcome to CMSC 170 - Introduction to Artificial Intelligence!
In support of the DOLE Kabuhayan Program, the Working Youth Center whose aim is to put the youth in in the center of development is calling out to student organizations to send in their proposal for an entrepreneurial program that will benefit the society through the Youth Entrepreneurship Support (YES) Project.
Battle Report
Thank You
Welcome to GovApi
New Session Announced fro Cryptography I!
FINAL Reminders for the #KabantayNgBayan Hackathon
Exam Invite
NYC
Microsoft Account
Facebook
Twitter
An update from Pottermore: ‘Book of Potions’ by J.K. Rowling
Important Update For Fans.Marvel.com Users
CodeChef : The Proceedings of November Challenge 2013
Eclipse Newsletter - Visualize your ideas with Sirius
Visual Studio Express 2013 Editions are now available – download today!
Announcing the Imagine Cup 2014 Competition Season - Philippine Local Finals
Just one more step to get started on Facebook
Creation of UPLB Account
New messages from Harold Dela Fuente
<ADV> Get more savings on Creative Cloud for a limited time only
Where do you go from here?
Verify your email address
New album from televisor
What will you build next?
Monstercat Freebie:Project 46 - Motionless USB Bracelets
Introducing youtube's new mobile app
Systemone V2 schedule update
Facebook password reset
Free Images: festive fare
Sheet music trade weekly summary
CMSC 170 U - 4L HamSpam Ocampo
Facebook login from an unrecognized device
MM Ocampo (@anonymmmous) favorited one of your Tweets!
You are now friends with Justin Timberlake
November Newsletter
E-mail confirmation
Request to share screenshot.png
Failure Notice
Welcome to CMSC 141 (1st: 2013-14)
Welcome back to facebook
File Upload version 1
Invitation To CodeChef November Lunchtime 2013 
An update from Pottermore: ‘Book of Potions’ by J.K. Rowling
Special November offer ends Saturday
See whats everyone's been talking about
Suspicious sign in prevented
The Goblet of Fire has come to Pottermore.com
Google accpunt password changed
Progress of Event for the first quarter of 2013
Your Daily Yahoo! Stories for Monday
Wait no more, Midnight Citadel is here!
Mr. Obrero sent a QUIZ to CMSC 127 - RJGObrero
An Update for Google+ Page Owners and Managers
USER ID RETRIEVAL
CMSC142
RESUME KO TOH!
CMSC 22 Exer11
"Anniversary Prank Backfires!!" from RomanAtwood
Invitation To CodeChef LunchTime
Kpop Music Quiz (K-pop Game) for Android
Parolan 2013, Nowcasting Competition, PSRC Conference in Malaysia, Singapore Scholarship
Delivery Status Notification Failure
[Bitbucket] Confirm your email address
[UPLB_STAT1_1ST1314] Grades
Happy Birthday from Symbianize Forum
RE: [UPLB_STAT1_1ST1314] RE: FINAL EXAMINATION ROOM ASSIGNMENT [1 Attachment]
Ms. Magno sent a Note to CMSC 123
Message from Cheer Me Up!
Close Up Summer Solstice Bronze Ticket
Google Account password changed
Please verify your account
Discover the Hybrid Advantage Today
New on iTunes: Catching Fire Soundtrack, Deemo, The Conjuring and More
Account Info Change
October Newsletter: Meteor Devshop, WebSocket Support, and More
Famo.us - Private Code Release + core partner Firebase
Christmas Bazaar (Nov 12-16), Asian Youth Leaders Travel and Learning Camp 2014
Your Steam account: Email address verification
[LINE] Your email address has been registered!
You have received a new question on Ask.fm
Please verify the contact email address for your Apple ID.
Introducing! Get A Stunning Version Of Your Site For Mobile
PLDT New Bill Notification
Mr. Tirazona sent a Note to CMSC 125 2nd Sem 2013-14
Yahoo! Groups: Welcome to recit_g4r_dizon. Visit today!
Parolan 2013, Nowcasting Competition, PSRC Conference in Malaysia, Singapore Scholarship
Your Tickets for Global Fusion Cloud and Pixels for the Next Decade
Facebook login from an unrecognised device
Expensive Auto Repair Bill
November Young Adult Newsletter
[Codejam] User Activated
Your friend Norbert Coronado just joined Moment.me
Facebook login from an unrecognised device
Special delivery from your Tumblr Dashboard
Expensive Auto Repair Bill
There's a Little Bikini Bottom in All of Us
New messages from Carl Hilton Garcia
November Young Adult Newsletter
Holm Nagle (@HolmNaglelai) has requested to follow you on Twitter!
[eng10sectionB_dizon] SAs urgently needed
Invitation To CodeChef November Lunchtime 2013
Weather Whiskers is here!
Top presentations on SlideShare this week
Be my neighbor in FarmVille 2
Photoshop Tutorial: Quick Selection Tool
New Course: Front-end Formations
Code School Price Change
It is here! CakeMail 4
CodeChef : The Proceedings of November Challenge 2013
Now is the time.
Mr. Tirazona sent a Note to CMSC 125 2nd Sem 2013-14
Ms. De Robles sent a Note to CMCS 142 Section C
Flor F. sent a Note to CMCS 142 Section C
CMSC124 T-3L Exercise2,10 Bulaong
Julian Paul A. sent a Note to CMCS 142 Section C
CMSC 127 Lab Exam
Invitation to connect on LinkedIn
FULL CODE AVL
CMSC 127 Exercise 6 (SQL Statements 1)
142 -- Generalized Sorting Algorithms
Winter
Code School November Newsletter
Preliminary Floor Plans for Southern Village Neighborhood Circle Members
Idlewild Camp - Important Travel Information
"Buffer has been hacked - here is what's going on"
Get Lit this Labor Day
Thank You! 
CMSC 124 B-1L Lexical Analyzer
CMSC100-EF-PA01-2011-21037
FW: About your ad I saw on a site
CWTS1 IPO mardocheo gio
Cmsc22 Exer5 Dawey
support relief efforts for Typhoon Haiyan
CMSC 124 T-2L EXER3
CMSC 132 EXER9 B-1L DAWEY
naka filipino na subject line bla bla bla
cmsc2 wx8l cssexer2 dawey
People you may know on Google+
Your 5 files stored in Google Docs are now in Google Drive
Firefox OS Porting Sessions - Mozilla Philippines Community
Battle Report
[Codejam] User Activated
Mr. Recario sent a Note to NSTP1 AS4 2013
Welcome to the new Gmail inbox
Vivien Minette G. sent a Note to NSTP1 AS4 2013
Ms. Galbo sent a Note to NSTP1 AS4 2013
Google Account password changed
Ms. Magno sent a Note to CMSC 123
Ms. Magno sent a Note to CD-4L
Verify your email address
SOAD-OSA mailing list
Password Changed
Please Verify Your Oracle Account
Terms of Service Update for Edmodo
Welcome to CMSC 123 Data Structures (Lect CD)
Welcome to Codecademy!
Customize Gmail with colors and themes
Swapping Algorithm
Changes to Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service
Your Application
Your Cebu Pacific Itinerary Receipt
Globe Bill for the Month of November
Excuse Letter
Welcome to Pdfcrowd!
Greetings from Eventbrite
Fly to Cebu for as low as 299!
Welcome to Code School!
Fan Designs
Teaser Posters
CMSC 170 U-5L Exer1 Gonzales
CMSC21 UV-1L GONZALES E10
Specifications for exercise 11
CMSC 127 Lab Exam
Transfer of Fund Agreement
SOAD-OSA Mailing List
Welcome to new Gmail inbox
CMSC 123 CD-6L Exercise11 Gonzales
Invitation to connect on Linkedln
Diagnostic Exercise CMSC 123
Aeria Games Registration Completion Information for akosiivann
Welcome to Origin!
Activate your online account and start using SKY online services!
xbox: "Future Xbox One Games Montage" and more videos
18 new jobs for Job Alert
Dhyig Granada tagged you in a photo on Facebook
Hiring For Medical Coding Manager in Chennai
New on iTunes: Catching Fire Soundtrack, Deemo, The Conjuring and More
Philippines typhoon: reach loved ones, friends and colleagues
15% off one day only
Code School November Newsletter 
Invitation To CodeChef November Lunchtime 2013
Your Tickets for Global Fusion Cloud and Pixels for the Next Decade
Mr. Tirazona sent a Note to CMSC 125 2nd Sem 2013-14
New Course: Front-end Formations
Popular on Prezi.com right now: SXSW Eco, Berkeley Survival Guide, Harry Potter
Recent graduate looking to supercharge your career? Free training on offer :)
Microsoft Outlook Test Message
CMSC 132 T-1L PalICSihan Bonus
Firefox OS Porting Sessions - Mozilla Philippines Community
hi
hello
musta?
gawa mo?
ano assignment?
bakit ganito
good morning
good evening
good afternoon
tara na
halika dito
kumain ka?
oo
hindi
pwede
sigesige
bye bye
maya nalang ulit
papunta na ako
malapit na
Parolan 2013, Nowcasting Competition, PSRC Conference in Malaysia, Singapore Scholarship
Meal Now Pay Later, YWCA National Youth Conference, Symposium and Agritech Showcase, OSA Registration Assistance
CMSC 100 Missing Exercise
Congrats on completing Try jQuery
Welcome to Code School!
CMSC 123 H-3L Final Lab Standing
Great Employment/Internship Opportunity at O&B
Google Account password changed
Welcome to the new Gmail inbox
31st CS Week Weekly Report Format
Persuasive Speech Topic
SOSC4 presentation
Letter from Fred
NASC7 files
Exam schedule
Bills and Receipts
1x1 picture
EF4L PHP Form
speech choir
nstp1
Mr. Tirazona sent a Note to CMSC 125 2nd Sem 2013-14
CMSC 132 T-1L PalICSihan Bonus
CMSC 100 PLAN
Welcome to CourseSites!
Maria Elaine Sumo changed her cover photo
Twitter has reset your account password, @claresumo
Tony James Catubay likes your photo
[BSCS Bloc E1] Sino hindi makakapunta bukas? :(
3 Tips to Help Manage Privacy on Facebook
[Newts] New Event: Get Together | 2013
Job application status
Greetings!
Merry Christmas, Paul
Jim Magsino accepted your friend request on Facebook
Sending you our love on your birthday
Patrick Hernandez (@pdtomiaaas) mentioned you on Twitter!
Desery Sabado tagged you in a photo on Facebook
Good day, Paul
Gio Renzo Caballero (@pdtomiaaas) favorited one of your Tweets!
Paul Tomias, you have a new follower on Twitter!
Firefox OS Porting Sessions - Mozilla Philippines Community
Welcome to GovApi
[Codejam] User Activated
[GitHub] Please reset your password
Welcome to Famo.us!
Confirm your job search for: Internship Cs
You're invited to the #KabantayNgBayan Briefing (Nov 4, 2013)
DevCon's Letter of Apology
November Newsletter: Freelancer Floats on the Australian Securities Exchange!
Here are some great stories you'll enjoy!
Google Account password changed
AVG Anti-Theft: SIM changed
Verify your HTC Account
Changes to Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service
Welcome to be ASUS Account!
Creation of UPLB Account
Edmodo - Password Reset
Password successfully changed
CMSC 123 AVL Insert Fixup Pseudocode
SOAD-OSA Mailing List
CMSC 142 Sample Inputs
Table of Comparison
Your gmail address has been created
RE: Technology Talks & Visits
courses.uplb.edu.ph account confirmation
Manage Your Files Like a Pro
Garena Topup
Parallels Desktop 9 for Mac Bundle Deal- 82% off -8 Awesome Apps At One Low Price
Try our new game: MoviePop
Yian, let's connect on LinkedIn
Top posts this week on Google+
The Good Stuff
Invitation to CodeChef
5 recommended reads just for you
Today, Yian, God wants you to know ...
Faye, you have 1 friend request
Rheece Lao confirmed your Facebook friend request
Getting back onto Facebook
Lhorain Jane Lapitan wants to be friends on Facebook
Facebook password reset
Request to share becera_corro_jungco.zip
GALLERY PICS
You requested a new Facebook password
Reiisu Rao mentioned you on Facebook
Emerald Fallarme commented on your status
Password has been changed
Updates in Your Groups
SOAD-OSA Mailing List
Please Verify Your Oracle Account
avast! Registration
Welcome to Dropbox!
[Github] A new public key was added to your account
MEGA Signup
JE Goods: Thank you for registering
TeamViewer account - E-Mail Validation
FW: Winter
Re: Exercise
MiniChecklist
Microsoft Account Security Code
Fwd: 127
Here are Our Holiday Picks for You
Complete your Registration
Heartwarming Ways to Support WWF
Re: Online Booking
Password Reset Confirmation
Your friend Rizza Sabas just joined Moment.me
Technical/​Service Engineer (PHP 20000 - 25000) + 43 new jobs - Job Alert from JobStreet.​com
LAZADA - Successful Registrati​on
Welcome! Here's how to get started with Skype
Raquel Abigail, YG Family, and 4 others have Tweets for you
Charmaine Bianca tagged you in a photo on Facebook
Designer + 4 new jobs - Overseas Job Alert from JobStreet.​com
Madz Garcia posted a course update to ENG 10: C-4R
Invitation to connect to LinkedIn
SOAD-OSA Mailing List
Mr. Obrero sent a Note to CMSC 127 - RJGObrero
Verify this email address
Confirm your email address on Edmodo
CMSC 170 U-8L HamSpam Faustino
Tumblr verification email
Changes to Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service
Progress Report
Good Day!
A course update has been posted for Data Structures: CD-5L
kishalbajera@ymail.com has invited you to join NSTP1AS1-2NDSEM2012-13
Confirm your email address on Edmodo
Welcome to the new Gmail inbox
carlokohan + GitHub = <3
Activate carlohusmillo
Top conversations on MangaStream
Happy Birthday from MangaFox's Online Community
Naruto - Finished Reading Chapter 655 - Manga Stream
Brandon Friedel (@BrandonFriedel) is now following you on Twitter!
Philippines typhoon: reach loved ones, friends and colleagues
Carlo Who-Smell-Yo, you have a new follower on Twitter!
It's Festival time!
Parolan 2013, Nowcasting Competition, PSRC Conference in Malaysia, Singapore Scholarship
They Need Hospitals To Heal
Nicholas Nickleby - The End (almost)
Joseph German, SCOPE invites you to Year in Review as an early entrant!
Mr. Tirazona sent a Note to CMSC 125 2nd Sem 2013-14
Announcing the Imagine Cup 2014 Competition Season - Philippine Local Finals
Meal Now Pay Later, YWCA National Youth Conference, Symposium and Agritech Showcase, OSA Registration Assistance
Re(9); des baltazar
UPLB Trademark Notice
Verify your email address  (my.Smart)
Your Tickets for Firefox OS Challenge for Students
Save the Date: Visual Studio 2013 and Cloud OS Launch Event
Leona Mae, Happy Birthday From Zalora!
Miquido.com Applicants
Kanji exercise
avast! Account - registration confirmation request
comscikepbuplb (maejolloso@gmail.com)
CMSC 132 Exercise 7 Extension and Resubmission
Google Account password changed
As a security precaution, this notification has been sent to all email addresses associated with your account.
This promotion is limited to first-time subscribers only and may only be used once per person.
A valid form of credit card payment is required to redeem this offer.
Your free trial Premium Membership will begin immediately upon successful registration and credit card validation.
You're receiving this email because you signed up for a posterous account.
Your credit card will not be charged until the end of the free trial period.
We don't like to interrupt your zooming with too many emails, but here's a fall update for you with the latest and greatest in Prezi.
To continue using our service, we need to verify your email address.
Once you are in your account, you can start sending text messages (SMS).
Hey there - Just a heads up that friend has approved your friend request on foursquare.
Need Your Address (3rd Notice)
Hello, I am Jade Griffith
November Newsletter - Get Readt for the Holidays
Get Ur Own Needed Softwares At 92% Off in.
Here's a fast and terrific deal for Dad's Day.
Shy of your personal life?
Lonely? do you want chatmate?
Free latest music download!
Join the millionaire group for free!
do you want to live peacefully?
UBC Exchange - We need your advice - Join the converstaion this Thursday
CPSC 213 moved into course
UBC Go Global - Exchange Updates
Your new EA account
Invitation to connect on LinkedIn
Online Chinese Placement Questionnaire for 2012 WT2
Thriving at UBC edition
UBC Award Revised - Offer
Important message! UBC Course Registration
UBC Award
Ginwene Rueda added you on Google+
Seth Charles Palileo added you on Google+
CMSC 142 Diagnostic Exercise
Welcome to iColud!
CMSC 142 Exer 1
Soulfood for Nov 2: Join Us This Weekend!
Philippines typhoon: reach loved ones, friends and colleagues
Posse Just Got 10 Times Better
Soulfood for Nov 14: We'll Airdrop Food To Far-flung Towns
The Greatest Magic of Bo Sanchez
The new iOS and Android apps are available now!
Soulfood for Nov 7: You'll Be Blessed By Andy's Incredible Story
Special Delivery from your Tumblr dashboard
Soulfood for Nov 4: Are You Happy Without Money?
Files At Yor Fingertips
13 new jobs - Job Alert from JobStreet.com
Parolan 2013, Nowcasting Competition, PSRC Conference in Malaysia, Singapore Scholarship
Your Yahoo! account information has changed
[OpenStreetMap] Welcome to OpenStreetMap
Notice on UP Trademarks, Volunteerism Symposium [required]
SOAD-OSA Mailing List
Learn Android at no cost: Register today
Ms. Magno sent a Note to CMSC 198 Practicum 2013
Andrew Andora has endorsed you for PHP!
Briefing and Demonstration
Parolan 2013, Nowcasting Competition, PSRC Conference in Malaysia, Singapore Scholarship
Meal Now Pay Later, YWCA National Youth Conference, Symposium and Agritech Showcase, OSA Registration Assistance
Philippines typhoon: reach loved ones, friends and colleagues
Miquido.com Applicants
Important information from Ubuntuforums.org
SOAD-OSA MAILING LIST
Mr. Obrero sent an Alert to CMSC 127 - RJGObrero
Yahoo! Sign-in Alert
Youth Entrepreneurship Summit, Unilab Ideas Positive, Phi Kappa Phi Awards, Student Exchange Programs
Sync your saved passwords on your Windows PCs
November Newsletter
Right now on Tumblr
mark, overcome negativity in life
Lost Password
SOAD-OSA Mailing List
Philippines typhoon: reach loved ones, friends and colleagues
Ready to get learning?!
Welcome to the new you!
Invitation to connect on LinkedIn
Survivors
Community Forestry Enterprise's Coffe and Cashew Value Chain Analysis - Academia.edu
What is one accomplishment you are most proud of? - Quora
Your Unity account
Invitation to ScrumDo Team
Complete your 4shared registration
